Update README & add CONTRIBUTING.md (#690)
bazel-ios/rules_ios: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

## Creating releases

If you are a maintainer of the repository and would like to tag a new release, follow these steps:

> - Send a heads-up in the Slack channels or post an issue with plan to tag a new release

Reviewer: Should we specify `#rules_ios` in the official Bazel Slack?

Author: ```suggestion
- Send a heads-up in the Slack ([#rules_ios](https://bazelbuild.slack.com/archives/C04UA35PAMR)) channel or post an issue with plan to tag a new release
```

Author: Added!

- Head over to [Actions](https://github.com/bazel-ios/rules_ios/actions)
- Find the `Create release` action
- Click on `Trigger workflow`
- Type in a version number, follow SemVer whenever possible.

> - After a few minutes the release should show up in the [Releases](https://github.com/bazel-ios/rules_ios/releases) page.

Reviewer 2: Thx for adding these! I think it's a good start to be able to manually release versions while we discuss what cadence to use.
